HTML_CSS/html.md, before:

# NOTES FOR HTML
## Symantec Tags
Semantic tags (also known as HTML5 semantic tags) are a set of HTML tags introduced in HTML5 that allow developers to more accurately describe the relationship between HTML elements on a webpage. For example, instead of using div tags to group elements, we can use header, nav, or section tags depending on what specific type of group of elements we are trying to make.
### Benefits of using Symantec tags
Using semantic tags does not change the appearance of the website in the browser. So why is it important to use semantic tags? Quite simply, semantic tags more accurately describe the content that is on the page. Describing the contents of the page more semantically can have many benefits, such as:  
- Making code easier for people to navigate when updating features or fixing bugs.
- Giving your page a higher Search Engine Optimization (SEO) score, which makes your content more visible on search engines.
- Allowing users with special needs to access your website using alternative means such as screen readers, which are devices that read the contents of a webpage 
  aloud to users who have visual impairments.

Commit message:

provide a link to learn more about structuring a website.

HTML_CSS/html.md, after:

# NOTES FOR HTML
## Symantec Tags
Semantic tags (also known as HTML5 semantic tags) are a set of HTML tags introduced in HTML5 that allow developers to more accurately describe the relationship between HTML elements on a webpage. For example, instead of using div tags to group elements, we can use header, nav, or section tags depending on what specific type of group of elements we are trying to make.
### Benefits of using Symantec tags
Using semantic tags does not change the appearance of the website in the browser. So why is it important to use semantic tags? Quite simply, semantic tags more accurately describe the content that is on the page. Describing the contents of the page more semantically can have many benefits, such as:  
- Making code easier for people to navigate when updating features or fixing bugs.
- Giving your page a higher Search Engine Optimization (SEO) score, which makes your content more visible on search engines.
- Allowing users with special needs to access your website using alternative means such as screen readers, which are devices that read the contents of a webpage 
  aloud to users who have visual impairments.  

For more information about these tags and how to structure a web page <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Document_and_website_structure" target="_blank">visit</a>
